Demon Sect controls the world sect
Even Shushan can't fight it all the time
If we work for the Demon Sect
Change Demon Sect to Holy Sect
I am more capable of benefiting all people
I have Wen Wenjie
Just that little girl, what do you know?
A thousand years ago
Tang Zichen and I made an agreement to marry her
Thousands of years ago
Sword Emperor of Shushan
Today is the wedding day of the sect master of the Demon Sect
After the auction
The Demon Sect hereby opens the Demon Sect Treasure House
All bidders at the auction
All have the opportunity to enter the purchase opinion
After the protection is completed
The wedding reception will officially begin